Protect His Majesty!
Yes.
Retreat!
Is that you?
You're here to assassinate me.
You're a Han,
yet you rule as a Manchu.
You will betray your people no more.
If only I could be rid of these dreams.
Silence.
Send for the assassin, right away.
Sir, can I show you some weapons?
No.
Well, then, how can I help?
You may help my master.
He has trouble sleeping.
Then he should see a doctor,
not a blacksmith.
A doctor won't help.
My master said
we must kill the dream demon.
That is the only way.
What is the name of your master?
His name is Qianlong,
the Manchu emperor.
Last week, I killed a member
of the Red Flower Society.
You did what?
You killed one of our brothers.
When he died, he gave a confession
that a certain ironsmith carries with him
a list of names.
Yes, but you're never going to see it
because you're going to die now.
I'm ready.
Now I must find the others.
Did you know that Tiger Lu
is sponsoring the sports competition?
Where does he get the money?
He used to be a thief.
At least that's what I heard.
That's right.
He's buying all the land.
In six months, he'll own half the village
unless we can find a way to stop
all this incredible insanity.
I agree with you,
but Tiger Lu is in league
with the Mandarin.
There's not much we can do.
When a man has that much money,
he can get away with almost anything.
Why do they all seem to hate my father?
Because he's a rich man.
Do they know who we are?
I don't think so,
but we should get going.
Hey, look at her. She's beautiful.
Yeah. Let's go.
Oh, look.
I think the race is about to start.
Forget about the race.
Your father's waiting.
Hey, hey. You all alone?
- Let me go.
- Let my mistress pass.
Hey, what's the rush?
- Didn't I tell you?
- She's pretty.
Hey, stop bothering me now
or I'll tell my father.
Whoa. Sure.
Let's go find him. Come on.
Hey, don't touch my sister.
Leave her alone.
She's not your sister.
Yeah, that's right.
I know him. That's Fong Sai Yuk.
And I know you, too.
So why don't you pick
on someone your own size?
How about if we start with you?
I'm ready.
Better watch yourself. He's dangerous.
Go get him.
- Come on, I'm ready.
- Let's take him.
Hey! What's going on?
You got some kind of problem?
Officer, leave him alone.
Okay, tell me what this is about.
What's going on?
Ask him about it.
- All right.
- Yes, sir.
Stop this nonsense
or go to jail right now.
- I'm sorry.
- We're very sorry. Very sorry.
- Yes, of course.
- That's enough.
- Good-bye, sir. Good-bye.
- Sorry.
- Good-bye.
Yeah, right.
Hey, wise guy.
We're not done yet.
What do you say?
Meet me on the race track.
We'll see who's a man.
You'll win.
I can already see him sweat.
Right?
Better not.
Last year he took first prize.
So what?
Sai Yuk knows kung fu.
What's the matter? He's afraid.
What? He can beat you.
Right, brother?
Let's do it.
6 meters.
Next up, last year's champion,
Yao Chen Chi.
8 1/2 meters.
A new record!
Our next competitor is a new contestant.
His name is Fong Sai Yuk.
What was that?
Hey, there, little brother.
What are you doing?
Why, I could have crushed you.
He cleared the pit!
A new world record!
I knew he'd win.
So, how'd you like the ride?
All right, let's see
how fast you are in the relay.
Sai, what do we do?
- There's only three of us.
- It's for four men.
Four?
Miss, can you help us?
The relay race, it's for four people.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
But I don't run.
I bet you're faster than an ant.
Probably.
Let's go then. Come on.
You, go first.
Let me start.
Why not?
Runners, take your mark.
Ready? Go!
Run! Go!
- Yes! Run!
- Run!
- Fast!
- Run, run, run!
- Yeah! Great! Faster!
- Come on!
- Move it! Move it!
- Come on, Bo! Hurry!
- Let's go!
Come on!
Come on! Come on!
Your turn.
- I can't.
- Run like the wind. Go!
Quick! Stand up!
- You can do it!
Come on!
- Get going!
- Run faster!
What's the matter?
You're too slow...
Faster! Come on, faster!
You were great.
He's going to win it.
- All right! Come on!
- Faster!
Faster!
He's winning. Keep going!
- You're the winner!
- You did it!
We won the championships!
Hey, here's the medal we won.
I thought that you might like it.
Don't you like it?
No. It's from Lu. Forget it.
What's your name?
It's Ling.
- Hey, you! That's not fair!
- Please, the race is over.
Yeah, but the fight isn't.
Get them.
Who else wants to fight?
Want some more?
- Thank you, all of you.
- You're not so tough, are you?
- Break it up. Break it up.
- Big man.
All right, what's the fight about?
See? All of them
were fighting, not us.
We'll see about that.
- Come on, lock them up.
- Yes, sir.
Okay, let's round them up.
- What?
- Same for you.
Let's go.
Come on, they started it.
Come on, let's go.
Damn it!
He's a snake!
The nerve of that peasant
refusing to sell me his land.
After I bought the adjoining property.
No matter.
I control the water.
Without my stream,
it is a worthless property.
We'll put up a damn, then he'll sell.
Yes, sir.
Your Highness, changing the stream
is going to put you
in even deeper water.
The people must learn to respect me.
They must have respect,
but you know what is said.
When the lion is hungry,
he must go into the forest
to entice home his prey.
Get these people to trust you,
and then you should hold
a kung fu tournament.
The winner will earn
your daughter's hand in marriage.
Is this really necessary?
Maybe she won't want to marry the winner.
Can't you see what I'm getting at?
It's the only way to do this right.
You just have to show them.
You can be like a father to them.
So, if your daughter
marries one of them,
the rest of them
will give you what you want.
Damn it!
Don't you think I know that?
What are we waiting for?
You're right.
Great idea.
Tell everyone.
Prepare the tournament.
Sai Yuk, we can't tell anyone
we spent the day in jail.
Don't worry.
Sing's right. My parents will be mad.
Relax. I gave them false names.
You're Yin Quai,
and you're Lao Chun.
- What about you?
I am Wong Jing.
Right?
I have to go home now.
My mother is waiting for me.
See you tomorrow.
Look at that there.
It's beautiful.
I love her hairstyle.
And those dark glasses are charming.
I won't be able to see a thing,
but I bet I'll look great.
I wonder how I look.
Hello there.
You scared me.
So sorry.
It's just... your beauty,
it distracted me.
Oh, my.
And your glasses are so unusual.
Could you show me this fabric?
Right here.
- That one?
- Yes.
What a cheapskate.
Here. That's the one.
I've got it.
How long?
Just a little bit.
Right there.
Right about there.
- There?
- About... Yes.
- Right... That's right.
- That short?
- Yes, that's about right.
Yeah.
It sure is small.
Wait!
- He's a thief!
- You're late.
Mom, I'm serious.
- He's stealing.
- Hey, what's going on?
Shut up.
- Mom.
- My money's good.
Hey, you look great.
Get to work, now.
Okay.
Is he your son?
Chinese boys today.
Is this my fabric?
You're not blind. You can see.
Of course I can.
How do you suppose I hit you?
Well, I'd better get going.
Bye!
Here.
Mom. Are you an assassin?
He's okay.
The fruit's not ripe.
Really?
See?
It barely pierced the apple.
Easy. Easy. Easy.
Whoa. 3 inches.
It almost went through all the way.
I must be slipping.
She's crazy.
Okay, let's go home.
Mom, it's the second time this week.
This will get us in trouble.
Not if we don't tell your father, it won't.
Hey, Ma, I met a beautiful girl today.
- She's great.
- Really?
What eyes.
Maybe we'll take tomorrow off.
Now I'm in trouble.
Young Master, I have bad news.
The house is full of people.
Who are they?
It's the Mandarin
and all of his emissaries.
You're right, that is bad news.
What's the matter?
Well, I was in a fight today.
Fine. Let me do the talking.
Esteemed Governor,
wise councilmen,
I'll settle this matter.
Mr. Fong, you are very honorable.
I'm quite ashamed.
I think they both need to be punished.
I assure you,
I'll take care of this matter.
What a wonderful surprise.
Most esteemed Governor
and loyal friends.
Let me prepare a meal
in honor of your presence.
Such dishonor.
Today you almost killed our customer.
- What?
- That's right.
And her swordplay scared my wife
- and made her cry.
- He's right.
And that cloth my wife bought,
it fell apart before she got home.
- Yeah!
- And she calls me an old goat.
- Yes! It's true!
- That's right!
So explain yourself.
You'll hit me even if I do.
Macu, a fresh stick.
I'm ready.
Please, master.
So sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry.
Please, Dad, no!
Not Mom.
Hit me.
He loves you, doesn't he?
Is this the home of Fong Sai Yuk?
Yep, that's him.
Now arrest him.
What's going on?
Today I arrested him for fighting.
At the jailhouse
he gave me a false name.
You lying little...
That hurts.
It would have been a lot worse
if I hadn't shielded you.
Ma, you're so good at kung fu.
Why do you let him
beat you up like that?
Your father's pride
is bigger than mine.
And besides,
he's always careful not to hurt me.
Whoa! What did I do now?
Good night.
Good night, Dad.
He learns his fighting from you.
He's not a boy anymore.
It's time he learned
to stay out of trouble.
Are you listening to what I'm saying?
All you care about is business
and the idle gossip of our neighbors.
I have feelings, too.
Every day is the same.
You don't care about me.
And you're always late for dinner.
What's the matter?
Forget it.
I need you.
No, you don't. You don't mean it.
And the little bird flew away...
...and left her poor lover alone.
And his heart was broken,
for only she could make him happy.
His poetry makes me tingle all over.
Are you still angry with me?
Did you like my poem?
Yeah.
Then follow me.
It's time for bed.
All right.
What's going on over there?
What does it say?
Look! It's starting.
Look! Get that.
Incredible!
Although I am a newcomer here,
I want you to know that Tiger
is just like all of you.
So I have decided to hold
a kung fu competition
to find a son-in-law.
Whoever can beat my wife
can marry my beautiful daughter.
As soon as the contestant's feet
touch the ground, the fight is over.
Oh, look, she's unhappy.
And now meet my wife, Siu Wan.
Look!
When I marry her, and you'll see,
we'll never sleep.
Come on, you won't win.
You just watch me.
- Okay, let's go sign up.
- I want to sign up.
- Come on.
- Let's go.
Come on, hurry up.
- Where's Sai Yuk?
- He's studying at home.
Come on, let's go.
Hey, out of our way!
Come on, move it!
Put it in the back of the wagon.
Where's Fong?
He's inside studying.
- I'll be back later.
- Don't be long.
"After the rain, the flowers will fall
from the sky above..."
Hey, who is it?
- They're having a kung fu fight.
- For sure you'll win.
Come on. You must hurry.
How's your studying going, Sai Yuk?
"...the mountaintop.
"The cherry blossoms
are falling from the..."
Dad.
Sai Yuk, sit down.
I must go.
About how long? Why?
- Please, son, keep studying.
- Okay.
Good. I'll return shortly.
Guys, he's gone.
What about the fight?
It's a kung fu battle for Lu's daughter.
- The winner gets to marry her.
- Really?
Yeah. Lu says that his wife's
the best fighter in Canton.
He said that?
I'm about to surprise him.
Master, please.
Why are you worried about
a kung fu competition?
Come on.
Yeah, Fong. You can beat anyone.
Master, your father's
coming to say good-bye.
Here, put this on.
He'll think you're me.
I got to go.
But, Master, I'm much too fat!
- Master, I have some bad news.
- What's that?
Ting Ting his disappeared.
What? No!
Who's next? Come on.
Damn it, man! Crap.
You'll do. Come here.
Our first challenger has been defeated.
Will the second challenger
please come forward?
Stop looking.
What?
What an idea.
Patience, sir.
You'll see.
Hey. You okay?
She can't be that good.
She fights like a man.
I guess you'll find yourself
in a single bed.
Hey, people, come on.
Isn't there one of you here
who can beat
my beautiful wife Siu Wan?
There are no heroes left in Canton.
Hey, that's what you think.
- I'll win your prize.
- What's your name?
What's my name?
Just ask anyone here.
They'll tell you my name.
Fong Sai Yuk.
Siu Wan, take him now!
- Are you the prize?
- Of course not.
She's over there.
Let's have a look-see.
Look, madam, both feet
are off the ground. See?
I think we have a winner.
Get ready.
I think I'm going to need some help.
Get her off!
Get off!
Don't worry. I can help.
Come on. Stop joking.
Get ready.
Hold on tight.
Come on! Someone help her!
Hey, they're helping her.
Aw, come on.
I'm about to win.
Now, wait. All right, now.
Whoa, hold it. Hang on.
He's going to fall.
She's got imagination.
Hey, some of these people
are on our side.
Well, you feel okay?
Just great. Come on.
I'm behind you. Beat her.
You've fought well. Now it's my turn.
Okay. It's about time
you landed on your head.
Get ready.
Yeah!
Take him, Siu Wan.
Come on, you're making me too tired.
Come on. Come on,
come on, come on.
Hey! That hurts!
Watch it, Bo.
I'm trying.
She's safe.
Come on.
- Okay.
- Come on.
Bo, catch me!
Your feet haven't
touched the ground, Fong.
I'm going to finish
this woman off right now.
She's falling!
Sai Yuk, are you okay?
Why did you catch her?
Did you get a look at the daughter?
Come on, let's go.
What about the girl?
Don't worry. I'll be back.
And next time, I'll win.
Young man, wait!
Damn it!
Mom, Fong Sai Yuk just lost
a kung fu match to a woman.
Ah, your boy.
But no one beats him in fights.
He never loses.
It's those damn Lus.
All right, who's next?
Anyone else interested?
Speak up. Come on, let's go.
Wait a minute.
Here's a wager that says
I can win this fight.
Lend me your backs and I'll win for us all.
I am your...
hero.
You seem very confident.
And you are quite beautiful.
Save your flirting
and get on with the show.
So, how about it?
Let me see.
Should we?
Let's get something straight.
I didn't come here to play a game.
Okay.
I'm Fong Tai Yuk.
Braggart.
Humility doesn't run in your family.
Seems to be a big problem
in your family.
Come on, let's get going.
Your husband's a fool.
You have very good footwork.
Only the best.
Afraid that I might bite?
Don't drop me.
I can't hold you forever.
Do you give up?
If you do, I'll save your life.
Hang on.
I've won!
Look out!
Ladies first!
It's over.
You're on the ground now.
That wasn't bad.
It was perfect.
Release her!
Now let's get on with the ceremony.
Thank you. Thank you.
You make the Fong family very happy.
Ah, now for your reward.
I want nothing.
But my daughter needs a husband.
So get another.
I came to fight.
Hey, what's your story?
Good-bye.
Don't worry.
You will change your mind.
- Who are you?
- I'm your mother, Sai Yuk.
Mom, wow.
You really look like a man.
Yeah, and I just won Tiger Lu's daughter's
hand in marriage.
- Does Dad know?
- No.
Then why are you acting so worried?
Because Tiger Lu is going
to force me to marry her.
I've got to get going.
But, Mom, it'll be funny.
Come on.
- Please.
- Here comes Tiger Lu!
It's him. Let's escape.
We'd better not.
- Plan B?
- Yeah.
Tai Yuk, it's about time.
Find him.
What's wrong with you?
Where are you?
Go find him!
We're going this way.
- Come with me.
- Look over there.
Come here.
Don't look.
What's the matter?
Why are you crying?
He's dead, all right?
Tai Yuk? Can you be sure?
I'm telling you, he's dead.
We cremated him today.
What? That can't be true.
Where is he?
I was just about to bury him.
Give him this.
Okay. You ready?
I'll be right behind you.
I've got you!
Hey, you're not a girl.
That's very rude.
Want to dance with me?
Go on! Run away!
Sai Yuk, that's not going to stop him.
- Oh, well.
- Come on...
Get him!
He's on the roof!
Look what I've caught.
Ma!
Fong, save yourself. Just go.
No way. You need my protection.
I'll be right there.
Close it up!
He's ours!
Now, that'll stop your running.
Wouldn't you rather
be married than dead?
Sir, I have good news.
Your daughter has returned.
See? Get ready!
You have to let him go.
Otherwise, the whole village
will be against you.
Nobody's going
to stop this wedding.
- Let's go.
- Come on, let me out!
Help her. This isn't fair!
Go back to your homes.
We won't go.
- Let's free Fong ourselves.
- Let's do it!
Get back.
Go on.
Otherwise, you will be arrested.
Welcome, sir. Come in.
Sir, the villagers are angry.
They're demanding Fong's release.
Maybe I should offer Fong
some money, as a bribe.
I'd first try to convince the boy
that getting married
is doing the right thing.
Yes. Who knows?
Maybe he'll agree with you.
Yes. It's time he learns to obey me.
No, that won't work.
He'll only agree if he thinks
your motives are honorable.
Ah, I see. I agree.
A virtuous man needs love.
I'll bet she has a face like her father.
I'll die first.
If he tries to kiss me, I'll kill him.
She acts so calm.
Maybe this will get her off my back.
Oh, no, he's coming this way.
If he takes one more step, I'll...
Wow, that was really great...
Whoa!
Hey, why are you trying to kill me?
I won't marry you.
Don't worry.
You can keep your virtue.
I love another.
Good. Let's stop pretending.
What about your father?
Well, I'll talk to him
and I'll try to convince him.
Good luck.
Give that to me.
Don't worry.
I don't want your father's money.
Go on, take it.
It's getting late.
I'll sleep outside.
Miss Lu, I told you,
my heart belongs to someone else.
Maybe you should find her.
Hey, you're not Miss Lu.
But I... also love another.
Another man?
Tai Yuk... your brother.
My brother?
Are you sure?
He's all I dream about.
I knew when our legs
were intertwined,
so I wrote this poem for him.
Please read it.
A poem?
But you're married.
Without him, only sadness remains.
Boy. What are we going
to do now, Mom?
She wants to marry you.
You look thin.
I'm okay.
But I need to tell you something.
You're not a virgin?
That's not what I mean.
Look, Sai Yuk,
it's time for us to escape.
How are we going
to do that when Lu's men
are watching us all the time?
I'm never alone.
They've always got their eyes on me
or they're following me
like a pack of dogs.
Don't worry. I have a plan.
First, we'll set Lu's house on fire.
Then we'll get you out of here.
What?
Mom, are you all right?
- Yeah.
- Here.
I want to show you this.
- What's wrong?
- Don't worry.
It's a love poem from Madam Lu.
Siu Wan, tonight I have
a very important guest coming.
I want everything to go well.
It's very important.
If there are any problems, send for me.
As you wish.
Mom, I don't think
this is such a good plan.
Run!
Hurry, Mom!
They're right there.
Getting closer.
I'll try to divert them.
Okay.
Stop now or they'll go for you.
Now, what are you doing here?
Get away.
Wait a minute.
Tai Yuk?
Is it you?
Yes. I must talk to you.
But if the dogs keep barking,
I won't be able to stay.
Ah, all right. I see.
Now stop that. Get over here.
Hurry up. Come on.
Come on, come on,
come on. Come on.
- Tai Yuk...
- Stop, madam.
We cannot be together right now.
From the first moment,
I knew that...
I'd never find another person
I could love like you.
Alas, it was like a dream come true,
so I wrote this poem.
Two rivers.
Sometimes...
when they come together,
a perfect harmony of strength
and beauty is born.
But then, they must
leave each other behind
to join the sea.
Your words are sweet.
Madam, are you all right?
I have to go.
Don't say anything.
I'll be back when I can.
Tai Yuk.
Mistress, do you need help?
I'm all right.
Just leave me alone.
Just go away.
Don't say that.
Hey, it's you, the girl from the race.
You.
So, are you a prisoner here, too?
Just like you.
- Well, great.
- Yeah.
Why didn't you say good-bye to me?
Well, you and your friends
were so busy celebrating...
I was too shy.
Does this mean you like me?
Here. Your medal.
You forgot to take it.
I gave it to you.
Okay.
Who goes there?
You'd better go. Someone's coming.
I'll see you later.
Hey! I'll come back for you.
My spies tell me
the Red Flower Society
is meeting tonight, in secret.
I need you both to help me.
You must find the location of this meeting.
- Can you do this for me?
- Of course.
Yes, all right.
Don't worry. We'll find them.
It's a real honor
to serve our emperor.
Now, you'd honor me
if you ate my Manchu chicken.
Ma, what about Dad?
We have to get out of here.
Tiger Lu's looking for us.
We've had it.
Let me explain.
Hold it.
You're going to be married tomorrow.
And what about you?
Were you going to invite me
to our son's wedding?
Have you forgotten I'm your husband?
It's really my fault.
Go on.
Stop it.
This is my problem.
Well, I thought that
if I won the competition
that maybe I'd bring honor
back to this family.
I'm going to run away!
- I'm so ashamed.
- Mom, stop.
- It's all my fault.
- Stop!
- It's not your fault.
- Let me go.
- Come on. Please.
All right, all right.
- Just calm down.
- Let me go.
When I return, I'll settle this matter.
What? Wait.
Do you mean you're
going out just when...
Just when I need you?
A present.
Hey, it's a present for me.
A razor.
Hey, that's my razor, not yours.
Hey, Ma, it's raining.
Get your dad's umbrella.
- We'll find him.
- All right.
Come on, you'll get wet.
Watch out for that puddle.
Mom, how are we going to find him?
I don't know.
We'd better hurry.
Here, give me that.
I don't understand why your father
has to meet someone so late at night.
Look.
- It's not raining anymore.
- You stop.
I hear Dad's voice over there.
I'll try to help you.
Just give me a little time
to work things out.
Please, stop crying.
You can trust me.
Sure. That's what you think.
Wait a minute. Mom.
I wish I were dead.
I won't let you kill yourself.
Your child isn't born.
He got her pregnant.
Lok Ping, this child
is all you have left
of your dead husband.
A great man.
Your father isn't the father.
I'm not surprised, but who are they?
Your husband died
to protect our names.
Now I must protect the list.
The Red Flower brotherhood is safe.
Say, maybe they'll let me join.
They're probably all going to die.
It'll be okay, Ma. Don't worry.
There. Who are you?
- Let's go!
Hurry!
Bandits?
Manchu.
- The emperor?
- Yeah.
They're here to kill your father.
I knew I'd find you.
Your brotherhood seeks
to destroy the emperor.
Every one of you is going to die.
We'll never give up.
I am protecting the people against an evil.
Our country will be destroyed
by Emperor Qianlong.
You're fighting me now.
And money's my goal.
This fight's about freedom,
not about your money.
You are going to have to kill me
to get the list of our names.
Do you see how great
your father is, Sai Yuk?
What happened to my son?
Let's hurry.
Dad!
You're dealing with me now,
so get ready.
Let's go.
Not him, you bully.
Have you got the list?
Right here.
You're beating the air now.
Sai Yuk, over there.
Lok Ping. She's hurt pretty bad.
Okay.
Look out!
Watch out!
Lady, are you in pain?
It's okay.
My baby is going to be all right.
Father will be very pleased.
- Support him, all right?
- Yes, I will.
Come on, Sai Yuk. Let's go.
I'll follow you.
Okay. Hurry up.
That hurts.
I won't give up.
More?
Whew. You had about enough?
Never!
Now you'll never beat me.
I see your stick is too short to win.
If yours were harder,
it wouldn't bend like that.
Sai Yuk, were you followed?
Forget it, Dad. I watched my back.
What about Mom?
Your face is red.
Oh, Ma, what's the matter?
It's your father.
His poetry is so beautiful.
I... I don't know why
it seems to make me so happy.
Aw, that's so wonderful.
It's no joke. I'm serious.
- Wow.
- It makes me happy.
What a mystery.
Sai Yuk!
Son, you can leave now.
Father, I don't want to leave you.
I'm a man now.
My days as a child are gone, forever.
It's time for me
to be more responsible.
Hey, this means I can try
some of my new moves.
For my country.
Well, you're going to need my help, too.
I won't leave, either.
Now we all must hide
at Tiger Lu's house.
Dad, you must be kidding.
They won't look for us there.
You what?
They both just ran away from my house.
Right.
But that was before.
Now they realize they were wrong.
Even my naughty son
sees you're a virtuous man.
They're both sorry.
So what we would like
is to live here with you
and maybe become better people.
Of course you can stay with me,
but you must do as I say
because I am so virtuous.
Here comes my daughter, Ting Ting.
She's going to make your son a good wife.
Go on. Go.
Honey, I've missed you so.
It's not me, it's her.
- You?
You're real.
You're right.
Our son's romantic.
He learned that from me.
Come on, stand up.
- Come on.
- Wait, wait.
We can't...
Ting Ting, I want you to have
this old family treasure
because now you're a part of our family.
Oh, thank you.
Very good.
Everything's arranged.
Tomorrow's the big wedding.
Even the governor's going to come.
Oh, so sorry!
Please, you must excuse me.
Don't worry.
It's nothing. See? I'm virtuous.
Nothing bothers me anymore.
Now listen to me.
We must invite everyone that's important,
and of course your family,
and have a big wedding.
And everyone will come,
and they'll see how virtuous I am.
Hey, what about the party?
We need some people
to help us celebrate.
But, uh, I'm sure they'll be here.
You'll see.
It takes a long time.
They live far away.
Sometimes it takes a week
to make the journey.
Hey, your son knows lots of people.
What about them?
He's right. It's true.
They would come,
but they're all in prison.
In prison?
They'd be here if they could.
Master.
It's the governor. He's here.
At last, someone's finally come.
Be still.
I'll do the talking.
He will?
Welcome, Governor.
Congratulations.
I brought a guest.
You honor me, sir.
- Whoa.
- Well, time to go.
Hey, we can all greet the governor.
- Come on.
- Of course.
- That's right.
- What now?
- Come on with me.
- I don't know.
Please, come in.
These are my in-laws and my wife.
- I bow to your honorableness.
- Yes, welcome.
- Please, sit down.
- Yes, have a seat.
It's an honor to have you here.
It's a pleasure to make
your acquaintance.
Thank you for coming.
Please sit.
Hey, what's wrong?
Come on and join us.
What's the matter?
Oh, no. Your table
is much too crowded.
We'd better stay here.
What is the matter?
It's not crowded. Come on.
Hey, I dropped something.
Good. I'll help him look.
What is this?
Now you, sir, come join me.
Well, Mr. Lu...
Oh, no, I can't find the money.
Don't worry, son, I'll help you.
Yep, I think I found it.
What?
Please forgive them.
What's the problem?
Come on. Serve us now.
Son, it's your favorite.
I'll serve you.
Here.
Oh, Mother.
Please, move it to the left.
No, to the right.
No. No, no. To the left.
No, no, no. No, no.
Back to the right.
He's a traitor.
You're lying.
His babbling dishonors my boy.
Hey, that's my son-in-law.
So he's your guest.
Right.
This must be a mistake.
Traitor.
No!
Siu Wan!
Ma!
Run.
- Now.
- Better not.
Let me help.
He's a madman!
- Move it!
- Get cover!
Get them! Get them!
- Reload!
- Come on, move it.
I am. Push!
Master, what now?
Don't worry. Hurry!
Fire!
Ready!
- Go.
- Move in!
Hands up!
Hurry up, you fools,
before they escape.
Now, you're my hostage.
They'll be back to get you.
I need to come up with a plan.
It's all your fault, damn you.
My life is ruined now!
And the emperor thinks I'm a traitor.
And I have no place to live.
I hate you.
Please, master.
It's not Sai Yuk's fault.
What?
You want to lose your head?
Free him and stop your bullying.
I'll bully anyone I want to.
Okay, let's fight.
Don't, please.
Help me! Mother has a fever!
Get out of my way.
Siu Wan, I'm coming!
Most kind.
Thank you, lady.
Siu Wan.
Master, she needs a doctor.
- Let me help.
- Get away from us.
Don't touch her.
- Get away.
- I can carry her.
Take your hands off her.
- Mother?
- Come on, Ting Ting, let's go.
She's too weak to walk.
You go save yourselves.
We're going on our own.
Please. I trust her.
I believe what she's saying.
Come now or you are
no longer my daughter.
Sai Yuk, good-bye.
Let's go. Now.
I'm so sorry.
It'll be all right.
I'd better do something.
I'll go back to town.
What about Dad?
You must find him.
Who's there?
It's Sai Yuk.
Come on, Sing. Hurry up.
I think I hear someone.
Come on, hurry.
Sing, I saw the notice that they're going
to execute my father tomorrow.
Can you help me?
I can't.
I'm scared.
And poor Bo.
What? Tell me.
Sai Yuk, everything, it's all my fault.
I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry!
Come on, you can tell me.
Some officers took
Bo and me for questioning.
I told them that I didn't know you,
but Bo laughed in their faces
and said he was proud
to be your friend.
I'm a coward.
But where is he?
He's down by the western gate.
But he's...
The officers were tired
and they wanted Bo to kowtow
before they'd release him,
but... but he refused.
Then what happened?
Then what?
- Hey, you shouldn't be here.
- You'd better go.
I've come for my friend.
You'd better leave now.
Hey, you look familiar.
What's your name?
Fong Sai Yuk.
Hey, it's him!
And I'm not leaving
without my friend.
So you'd better be going,
or else I'll...
I'll have to fight you.
- Then we'll fight.
- Yeah, all of us.
Bo will win this battle.
Attack him!
Now... we'll beat them together.
Let's go!
Now beg him.
Get down.
And beg his forgiveness.
So sorry!
- Sorry.
- Forgive me.
- I'm so sorry.
- Forgive us.
All right. We've won, Bo.
Good-bye, dear friend.
I'll never forget you.
I'm certain we'll meet again
in another life.
Safe journey.
Sir, do you need help?
Macu.
They're going to execute
my father tomorrow.
Master, we can't allow it.
I have to rescue him, at once.
You must help me.
Master, please, I'll do anything,
but they're going to kill you.
- Please don't do it.
- It's Mother.
Protect her.
Please, you can't
tell her about my plan.
Macu, come on.
It's going to be all right.
My mother needs you,
and I'll be okay.
So let's go.
All right.
Tell me, what about your father?
I almost forgot.
I saw him.
He told me to tell you, don't you worry.
Everything is great.
He said that?
You better believe it.
But your father wouldn't say that.
He thought that he would
really make you happy with this.
You're to meet him with Macu
at Puishi Beach for a holiday.
Oh, boy.
Right, Macu?
Come on, I told you
all about his plan.
Go on, tell her. Come on.
What he said is true, Mistress.
But he hates the water.
Yeah, well, he told me to tell you
that now he wants to be different.
Okay? isn't what
I'm saying true, Macu?
Come on, tell her the rest of the story.
I got it.
He said it came to him in a dream.
A big fish told him
to learn to swim at Puishi Beach.
And then it ate him.
You would know.
Well, that's quite a story.
They can all go to hell.
Damn those Cantonese bastards.
We need a doctor, and instead,
they send an officer to arrest us.
Can't be trusted, those bastards!
They're all just a bunch of liars!
Come on, Macu.
Ting Ting, come inside our boat.
Beat it!
Otherwise, I'll have
those Cantonese bastards
come and arrest all three of you.
Stop.
You better be quiet.
Please, let me help her,
or she might die.
Ting Ting, you go.
I won't leave you, Mother.
Yes, you must go.
Please let her go.
It's just your pride.
She's just trying to protect you.
Stop your yelping. I know better.
Just stop talking and help me
get her on this boat
and out of this damn rain, okay?
Macu, carry her.
Siu Wan.
Why is this happening to me?
Why are the gods so angry?
They've given you an answer.
Come with me, now.
You'd better get going.
I'm here, Mother.
Sai Yuk, Ting Ting outside.
We need to talk.
Go. Go on.
Kind lady, will you please help me?
Quiet.
I miss Tai Yuk.
But, dear lady,
Tai Yuk has returned to you.
Please, recite a poem.
Some time in autumn,
a tiny leaf falls to the ground
and brings a big snow
for eternity.
But you're here, Tai Yuk.
Yes.
I'll always...
be right...
beside you.
In our next life, we'll be man and wife.
All right.
Siu Wan.
Mother!
Siu Wan!
Please, sir.
Take my umbrella.
After today, we won't fight anymore
because you are my family.
Macu will take care of you.
You must go.
Life will be better
when we leave this place.
All right.
Siu Wan!
I won't sleep until I see you.
So you hurry it up or I'll be mad.
Master, please take care.
Stop crying.
God, you're so dramatic.
What do you think,
he's going to die or something?
It's just that I'm going to miss him.
No more crying.
I'll be there in a day, okay?
Sai Yuk...
take care.
I will.
Will you promise something?
If I can.
If I die, you will always remember me?
I promise.
- I won't forget you.
- What's wrong?
I just can't help it.
I worry.
About women?
Please, don't act like this.
You don't need to worry about us.
He talks like his father.
Hey, Mr. Lu, who taught her
how to kiss like that?
Forget it.
It's yours.
But why?
- For luck.
- Then I'll wear it.
Come on, Ting Ting. We've got to go.
Good-bye.
Sai Yuk, remember, I'll be waiting.
Okay, Mom.
And be sure you don't forget to eat.
And remember to stay out of the rain
so you don't catch cold.
And don't trust any strangers.
We'll all be waiting
for you at Puishi Beach.
Good-bye, Sai Yuk.
Young Master, promise you'll hurry.
I'll be there.
Now, I'm going to
ask you one more time.
Give me the list of names,
and you won't die.
You'll have to kill me, then.
I won't betray my friends
or my country.
This man is a liar and a traitor.
He must die in order
to protect our emperor.
Now, our economy
is the finest in the world.
And our people are happy.
He's lying.
Be quiet.
Unless you want to die as well.
- It's time.
- Let's go.
This is wrong.
I know him. He's a good man.
Chop.
Stop him!
Sai Yuk!
Get back.
I've got dynamite, okay?
Hold it.
Give up. You won't escape.
And you won't be able to free him.
Maybe so, but I have to try.
But if you give that to me,
I'll be sure you're both released.
Don't, Sai Yuk.
He's lying.
His promises are empty!
That's very smart of you.
Maybe you and I will
one day become good friends.
Very rich.
Just forget it.
You don't fool us.
My father and these people
will never give up.
This isn't about money.
It's about freedom for China.
You're brave, and your words
are powerful, so I'll be generous.
We'll see if your courage is real.
Now, pay careful attention.
You're going to have to win this time.
You'll have to defeat me
before this fire burns through the rope.
If I win, you must
give me your names.
Come on!
Can't you do better?
I hope you're trying.
Very good, but not good enough.
You better get ready.
Take it!
Sai Yuk.
Let it go now.
No way!
I'm going to save you.
Let go.
I'm proud that you're so grown up.
Now go on.
Your mother and Ting Ting need you.
I'm proud today to die
for my people and China.
No!
I'm not going to let you die.
Sai Yuk, it's too late.
Then we'll both die.
Fong Sai Yuk, we'll help you!
- Yeah!
Get back!
Don't move!
- Come on!
Get the rope!
Everyone, everyone! Grab it!
Here are your names.
Fools, stop them!
Don't worry. I'm here.
Come on! Come on!
Sai Yuk, you're a bad liar.
You should know I'd want to help.
Macu, why'd you tell my mother?
But I didn't, Master.
She figured it out herself.
Are you sure?
She said it was your eyes
that betrayed you.
- Go help her.
- Okay.
Right!
You make me very angry.
What's happening?
Husband, are you okay?
Yeah. Come on.
Mom, they're trying to kill Dad.
Stay close.
Even you won't be able
to help him...
now.
We're both going to die together.
My shoe can help.
Mom.
Sai Yuk, you're a brave fighter.
Let me teach you to be
a kung fu master.
- Come with me.
- Father?
You bring great honor
to our family, Master Chan.
So, now we'll say good-bye to you.
Please, sir.
Can my wife come with us?
Yes.
I'm sure Master Chan
will make sure they behave.
What's the matter?
I'm not ready to be
a grandmother just yet.
Ting Ting, are you ready?
I'll miss you.
Son-in-law, you better treat her right,
or I'll come find you.
I'm virtuous,
so you won't need to worry.
Are you making a joke?
You have to respect me now.
Yes, Dad.
Just once, would you smile for me, Dad?
You wish.
You're not being fair.
- Just once?
- Maybe.
But not now.
It's getting late. We'd better leave.
Sai Yuk, let's go.
Bye. I'll be okay.
We'll write.
Sai Yuk, behave.
And remember to stay out of trouble.
Do you hear me?
Relax, Mom!
I'm a married man now!
Sai Yuk, your father's laughing!
Hey, there!
I've got your list right here.